Add auto extract timestamp parameter support (#415)
splunk/kafka-connect-splunk: README.md

##### /event endpoint only
| Name              | Description                | Default Value |
|--------           |----------------------------|---------------|
| `splunk.hec.json.event.enrichment` |  Only applicable to /event HEC endpoint. This setting is used to enrich raw data with extra metadata fields. It contains a list of key value pairs separated by ",". The configured enrichment metadata will be indexed along with raw event data by Splunk software. </br> **NOTE:** <br/> Data enrichment for /event HEC endpoint is only available in Splunk Enterprise 6.5 and above. By default, this setting is empty. See ([Documentation](http://dev.splunk.com/view/event-collector/SP-CAAAE8Y#indexedfield)) for more information. <br/>**Example:** `org=fin,bu=south-east-us`|               |
| `splunk.hec.track.data` |  When set to `true`, data loss and data injection latency metadata will be indexed along with raw data. This setting only works in conjunction with /event HEC endpoint (`"splunk.hec.raw" : "false"`). Valid settings are `true` or `false`. | `false`       |

> | `splunk.hec.auto.extract.timestamp` |  Sends timestamped events to HTTP Event Collector using the Splunk platform JSON event protocol when auto_extract_timestamp is set to `true` in the /event URL. | `unset`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `splunk.hec.auto.extract.timestamp` | When set to `true`, it forces Splunk HEC to extract the timestamp from the event envelope/event data. See [/services/collector/event](https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/9.1.1/RESTREF/RESTinput#services.2Fcollector.2Fevent) for more details | `unset`       |
```
